All right, so now we're gonna dig into
some of these sliders that are here.
And the sliders are styled a little
ways down here in our CSS.
So if we go down, take a look.
We have a volume-slider here, see that?
And this is set to a 58% width.
And our volume-slider is here.
It's an input type of range, okay?
So, this one we could just
get rid of that width.
See if that does anything.
Nope.
We could make it 100%.
What will that do?
So that will make it a little bit longer.
And we could set its background-color,
To transparent.
Hey, look at that.
It worked.
So let's focus on this play slider
here now, the other slider.
We've got, let me scroll on down here.
This is the one with
the input type of range.
So as you see here in our HTML,
there's our input type of range.
The id is seek-slider.
So this is input with a type of range.
Do you see that brackets?
That's an attribute selector.
So if you guys are not familiar with that,
input, of course, is the HTML element.
But the brackets here say look for the
attribute of type and the value of range.
So this is an exact match, right?
It has to be a type of range,
nothing else.
There's a whole bunch of
these attribute selectors.
You can do wildcard searches, you can
do with starting, kind of names for
attributes or the end,
the attribute ends in something,
there's a whole bunch of
things that go on with this.
I cover that in the intermediate
CSS course where I go into
these attribute selectors
a little bit more.
So here we're gonna set
our width to 100% again.
Okay, and we don't necessarily
want it to float because now we've
laid this out differently with grid so
you could get rid of that.
Depending, you can try getting
rid of things like margin.
Or maybe you like margin, and
actually looks like it was lined up better
with the margin, so we'll leave that.
Interestingly he said
margin zero here first and
then he overrode it later,
which happens in the development process.
Of course, the other thing we can add to
that is background-color: transparent.
And that'll give us a nice
clear background slider.
Okay, then we have a whole bunch
of stuff here underneath of that.
This has to do with coloring things,
and we can go through this and
we can change all of these
colors to our color palette.
So instead of to the right
RGBA bla bla bla bla bla,
we could get rid of this, and
we could say var(--cyan), right?
See how that works?
Changes the color of that.
If that's something you wanna do,
that is something you can do.
So you can start messing around here with
some of the colors on these sliders,
making those kinds of changes.
Anywhere here where it says background
color, you could change that.
var(--cyan), what does that do for us?
Maybe you like that better.
Maybe you wanna change your background
gradient to what it was, right?
Var(--cyan).
That looks good.
Now it's sort of dark back there and
then as you play, it changes color, yeah?
You see how that works?
>> So is the before pseudo element,
is that selecting before you drag it and
then reassigning the color?
>> Yeah, so these styles here,
great question.
These styles here, where we're talking
input type of range before, and
we also have input type of range here.
Notice it says position: relative, right
here for the input type of range before,
position of relative.
And then before it,
we have a position of absolute.
And it has all these colors
that are going on here.
What is happening is this is showing
the two colors here on the track.
So we've actually drawn the track twice,
and
what's happening is we have
one color as the track plays.
And we have the second color
that's sort of the default.
So we're stacking these things on top
of each other as the track plays.
This lighter color is filling
in here on this track.
See that?
So, how do we figure that out?
Well, just change the color.
Let's make it magenta.
What happens?
See that?
Cool, right?
One change in a time and test it.
[LAUGH]
Okay.
So there's plenty of other places
we could go through here and
make some more color changes.
Anytime you see the 007db5,
you can put in var(--cyan), yes?
>> Do attribute selectors
work on custom attributes?
If we set a custom attribute in HTML,
can we access it through CSS?
>> Yes, so if you have a data hyphen
attribute, like for your JavaScript or
something, yes, you could use
an attribute selector to select that.
Absolutely, great question.
We're at the fiddly bits part of this,
[LAUGH] where there's just a lot
of little changes to make.
Okay, so here for our input type of range.
Relative, none.
There's our width.
I actually got rid of the width
here in my notes, and
I set my margin and padding to zero.
Isn't that interesting?
Height's 19,
the background-color is transparent.
And then we also have,
Some other additional
styles I'm gonna add here.
The current time, And
that is here,
the span with the id of current-time.
We can set some alignment for that.
Text-align: left.
We can set the duration.
Text-align: right, okay?
Do I have an audio player, [INAUDIBLE].
Okay, this output style that we have here,
I'm gonna change it to audio-player-,
container-output, and I'm going to
change this to display of inline-block.
I don't want the width.
I don't want the font size.
I don't want the margin,
the float, the clear.
I don't want any of that.
And that will put a lot of these elements
better into line with each other, okay?
So I'll take care of a lot
of those alignment issues.
And I think I've got
most of the things now.
This play-slider looks a little bit off.
So let's see if we can fix that problem.
If we go back up to my play-slider,
We're gonna put some borders on that,
see what's going on.
[LAUGH] Okay.
Well, here we could add a little
bit of padding to this,
a couple of other things in
order to make this line up.
But I think you guys kinda get
the idea here at this point, right?
We're sort of fiddling around here,
continuing to make tweaks,
and we're darn close to finishing
up our audio player here.
Fair enough?
Okay, and
we do have a final version of that,
just to show you that I did in
fact work through the whole thing.
Down here at the bottom.
Let me open up that Codepen.
So, if you compare this one here
with what we've done so far,
you will find all of
the styling that's here.
And I definitely missed a few things
in presenting this to you, but
most of it is there, right?
One of those last little bits
of alignment, and so forth.